Of course, are you sure you didn't listen to the host?
It's just a bigger blue crystal
Then open your dog eyes and see clearly
Don't be so ignorant.
This is a branch.
Queen of Great Britain
Once made two ocean stars
One of them
With the Titanic
Unify and become famous
And another person
One that has been placed so far
What do you mean?
This blue crystal in your hand
Another kind of ocean star
Listen to this guy
This blue crystal really looks a bit like the heart of the ocean
This blue crystal
It has been passed down in the folk for so long
If this crystal is really the heart of the ocean
He has been in the folk for so long
It was already discovered by others
True number false number
Find an expert to identify the knowledge
Coincidentally, I do know a regulatory expert
I'll call him over now
I'd like to see if he still executes